{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green111\blue175;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c32157\c51765\c74118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15000\viewh11800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PLEASE write me if you have any trouble: akillimum@gmail.com\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 IMPORTANT:
\f0\b0 \
New shaders are on Standard->Mirror folders. Please use them as planar reflections. You can find the old mirror and post effects on OldMirrorAndPostEffects folders.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 Beta Test for Vive:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 Added a test for Vive VR. Please open the CameraShade.cs script and uncomment this line:\
//#define STEAMVR_ENABLED //open (uncomment) this for steamvr!\
Then you will see the \'93Vive\'94 on \'93ForceSinglePassVR\'94 property on the script. \
But because it is just a demo may not work and not supported yet!\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How to use:
\f0\b0\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93AkilliMum->Samples->Standard->Mirror->Scenes\'94 has examples of every available options for the scripts and shaders. So you can use them as a reference.
\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Just add \'93Camera Shade\'94 script to your main camera (or the camera you want to reflect) and create a new material which uses our shader and set your objects (mirror object) material to this one. Then play with the values of the \'93Camera Shade\'94 script as described below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 You must add the plane (mirror object) and the material to the \'93Effected Objects and Materials\'94 slot of the script. Please look to the examples (and video) carefully.
\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \
\'93Camera Shade\'94 Properties:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMPORTANT: 
\f0\b0 Please use \'93Is Enabled\'94 property to enable/disable the script. DO NOT USE main script enable/disable checkbox! 
\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \
Turn Off Occlusion: 
\f0\b0 Sometimes mirror may flicker due to baked occlusion or something else. Please check this if you have those kind of flickers (or have not-shown objects on the mirror).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
XR
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf6 \cb3 Force Singe Pass VR: 
\f0\b0 Please select the device on the list for VR.\
\
Oculus Rift and Quest tested with SinglePass.\
\
Look to the beginning of the documentation for Vive test!\
\

\f1\b IMPORTANT: 
\f0\b0 On VR skybox may not render very well. Please use the skyboxes (fake) on my Invisible samples :)
\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 AR
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b Enable AR:
\f0\b0  Check this if you will use the shaders on AR!\
\

\f1\b Common
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Work Type: This property tells to the script how to run. As of now, we are using only \'93Reflect\'94 option. Other values are saved for further implementations. So you have to select \'93Reflect\'94 for your reflective surfaces.\
\
b. Up Vector: This property defines the up vector of the object which will reflect the scene. Most of the time object\'92s up vector is \'93Green Y\'94 and you do not have to change that. But if object has a different up vector (coming with a different value via 3d program like 3ds max) you can set it here.\
\
c. Intensity: As the name describes it just changes the reflection intensity. 1 (one) is full reflective (full mirror), and it blends with the real texture of the object as it goes down to 0 (zero).\
\
d. Disable G Buffer: Disables the GI buffers. If you want to make perfect mirrors you can check this. So it does not add lightning artifacts to reflection.\
\
e. Disable R Probes: Disables the reflection probes. In deferred rendering path, reflection probes may be merged with the reflection and cause unwanted artifacts. You can disable them here, so reflection will appear more real.\
\
f. Run For Every Xth Frame: It just draws the reflection for the Xth frame of the app. So script draws the reflection for every Xth frame (uses the last capture for other ones). 1 (one) is the default and it is realtime. If you increase the value, you may gain fps but reflection loses the reality.\
\
g. Camera LOD Level: LOD level of the camera. Yuu can change the camera LOD level to draw the scene. So you may gain fps by drawing smaller LODs if you have.\
\
h. Texture LOD Level: Lod level of the reflection texture. It may be used for blurred reflections (you can mix it with Final Texture option and increase the blur).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMPORTANT: 
\f0\b0 Texture LOD level does not work with MSAA. So disable MSAA on script, if you use the Texture LOD Level.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Camera
\f0\b0 \
\
a. HDR: Enables HDR for reflection (HDR must be enabled on graphic settings). And it also activates the \'93Post Process Stack\'94 effects. So if you turn it on, post effects automatically will be added to reflection.\
\
b. MSAA: Enables MSAA for reflection  (works on Forward rendering only, it must be enabled on graphic settings). On deferred rendering if a post anti aliasing is added, it automatically will be applied if HDR is on.\
\
c. Disable Pixel Lights: Disables the pixel lights on render. It may increase the fps but you may lose the reality of the reflection.\
\
d. Shadows: If true, it enables the shadow distance setting on the reflection.\
d.1 Shadow Distance: Works only if \'93Shadows\'94 is true. You can set the distance of the shadow pass for reflection. So if you put \'930\'94 there reflection will not render any shadow and you may gain speed especially on mobile. Or you can set the distance according to camera and render the shadows of the nearby objects only.\
\
e. Cull: If true, enables a cull distance for the camera.\
e.1. Cull Distance: Works only if \'93Cull\'94 is true. You can set the spherical draw distance for the reflection camera. SO you render only the objects which are close to the camera (or your plane-surface for the mirror). SO you may gain very much speed for just not drawing the whole screen but only in the culling distance objects!\
\
f. Texture Size: It is the quality of the reflection. 2048 gives the best results but of course it will decrease the fps. You may select the power of two values like 256, 512, 1024, 2048 etc. Try and find the best looking value according to your scene.\
\
g. Use Camera Clip Plane: (Not used in this version)\
\
h. Clip Plane Offset: It just moves the reflection forward or backward if you see undesired artifacts. The script calculates the perfect offset according to your object so you do not have to adjust it most of the time.\
\
i. Reflect Layers: You can reflect the selected layers according to your needs. For example if there are expensive objects on your scene to draw, you can put them on a different layer and exclude that layer here. So script will not draw them and you will gain performance.\
\

\f1\b Depth:
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Enable Depth: Enables the depth pass.\
\
b. Depth Cutoff: Changes the depth\'92s depth :) So you can change the how far of the depth should be visible.\
\
c. Depth Blur: Depth blur size according to distance. Shader just blurs the far away pixels (depth) according to this value. May require big values according to scene.\

\f1\b \
Effected Objects and Materials:
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Shades: This is an array which holds the reflective objects and materials in it.\
\
First Slot: Object to Shade: You have put your gameObject here which will reflect the scene (like a plane).\
\
Second Slot: Material to Change: It will hold the material of the previous slot\'92s object.\
\
So you can use as many as objects and materials to shade with current reflection. \'93Camera Shade\'94 script draws the reflection and uses it on every \'93Shade\'94 array. This helps you to use current reflection on several objects. For example you can draw a bathroom which holds a lot of separate mirrors in it.\

\f1\b \
IMPORTANT: 
\f0\b0 The shade objects must be on same plane and direction (like mirrors on same wall).\
\

\f1\b Shader to Run on Final Texture: 
\f0\b0 This option runs a second shader on reflection. So we can get blurred etc. reflections easily.\
\
a. Enable Final Shader: Set to true to enable extra shader pass!\
\
b. Final Shader: Shader to run on reflection texture (like \'93BlursLod\'94)\
\
c. Enable AR Mode: If you want to blur the AR reflection (full transparency), check this to blur the texture. Without this texture may blurred with random black pixels!\
\
d. Iterations: This shader will run X times on reflection. So we can generate more beautiful effects.\
\
e. Neighbor Pixels: Every pixel will be calculated according to Xth neighbor pixel. So some shaders can handle the effects more beautiful.\
\
f. Block Size: Will be used on next releases. Does not work on this release.\

\f1\b \
Refraction
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Refraction Texture: If you want to refract the reflection you may attach a bump map here.\
\
b. Refraction: It is the value of the refraction. 0 (zero) is no refraction, it refracts the reflection as it goes upper values.\

\f1\b \
Waves
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Enable Waves: Set to true to enable waves on reflection.\
\
b. Wave Noise Texture: Set a bump map to create waves. Different maps will create different waves.\
\
c. Wave Size: Changes the wave size. Bigger values creates bigger waves.\
\
d. Wave Distortion: Changes the distortion of the reflection according to the noise texture. Big values may distort the reflection very much. So try to use small values.\
\
e. Wave Speed: Changes the speed of the waves.\

\f1\b \
Ripples
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Enable Ripples: Set to true to enable ripples.\
\
b. Ripple Texture: Ripple normal-map texture that carries ripple normals.\
\
c. Ripple Size: Changes the size of the ripples. Bigger values makes the ripples smaller.\
\
d. Ripple Refraction: Refracts the texture on ripple. Uses the normals of the texture. Bigger values makes more refracted texture (reflection).\
\
e. Ripple Density: Changes the density of the ripples. Bigger values makes more visible ripples.\
\
f. Ripple Speed: Changes the speed of the ripples. So you can simulate the fast rains, storms etc.\

\f1\b \
Masking
\f0\b0 \
\
a. Enable Mask: Set to true if you want masking.\
\
b. Mask Texture: The masking texture which carries alpha information to apply on reflection.\
\
c. Mask Tiling: Because all textures uses main materials tiling you may want to set different uv\'92s for mask tile. So you can play with this values to get your correct masking (looking).\
\
d. Mask Cutoff: Cutoff value for mask texture.\
\
e. Mask Edge Darkness: It is a value to give a darker look in the corners of the mask. The default value is 1 (one) which does not give any darkness. If you increase the value you have to get nice darker corner around the mask (just to give a simple wet looking corners).\
\
\
\
}